docs: update the multi-disk management (#664)
harvester/docs: docs/host/host.md

1. Go to the **Hosts** page.
2. On the node you want to modify, click **⋮ > Edit Config**.

![Edit Config](/img/v1.4/host/multidisk-mgmt-01.png)

3. Select the **Storage** tab and click **Add Disk**.

![Add Disks](/img/v1.4/host/multidisk-mgmt-02.png)

:::caution

As of Harvester v1.0.2, we no longer support adding partitions as additional disks. If you want to add it as an additional disk, be sure to delete all partitions first (e.g., using `fdisk`).

:::

> 4. In v1.4.0, we introduce the provisioner concept to manage the additional disks. You can choose the provisioner for the disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select a provisioner for the disk.
```

> - The `LonghornV1` provisioner is the default provisioner like before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **LonghornV1 (CSI)**: This is the default provisioner.
```

Reviewer: Ideally, we should explain why users should select this provisioner. We do that for LonghornV2 and LVM.

> ![Provisioner LonghornV1](/img/v1.4/host/multidisk-mgmt-03.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ![Provisioner LonghornV1](/img/v1.4/host/multidisk-mgmt-03.png)
```

>   - The `Force Formatted` option is required if the block device has never been force-formatted.
> 
>   ![Force Format](/img/v1.4/host/multidisk-mgmt-08.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You must set **Force Formatted** to **Yes** if the block device has never been force-formatted.

    ![Force Format](/img/v1.4/host/multidisk-mgmt-08.png)
```

> - The `LonghornV2` provisioner is a new provisioner that support the new Longhorn v2 engine. You can find more details in the [Longhorn V2 Data Engine](../advanced/longhorn-v2.md).
> 
> ![Provisioner LonghornV2](/img/v1.4/host/multidisk-mgmt-04.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **LonghornV2 (CSI)**: Select this provisioner if you want to use the [Longhorn V2 Data Engine](../advanced/longhorn-v2.md).

    ![Provisioner LonghornV2](/img/v1.4/host/multidisk-mgmt-04.png)
```

> - The `LVM` provisioner is a new provisioner that support the LVM local storage. You can find more details in the [LVM Local Storage](../advanced/addons/lvm-local-storage.md).
> 
> ![Provisioner LVM](/img/v1.4/host/multidisk-mgmt-05.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **LVM**: Select this provisioner if you want to use [local storage](../advanced/addons/lvm-local-storage.md) to create persistent volumes for your workloads.

    ![Provisioner LVM](/img/v1.4/host/multidisk-mgmt-05.png)
```

> 5. Last, you can click **⋮ > Edit Config** again to check the newly added disk. Meanwhile, you can also add the "Host/Disk" tag (details are described in the [next section](#storage-tags)). It only supports the `LonghornV1` and `LonghornV2` provisioner.
> 
> ![disk tag 01](/img/v1.4/host/multidisk-mgmt-06.png)
> 
> ![disk tag 02](/img/v1.4/host/multidisk-mgmt-07.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click **Save**.

6. On the host details screen, verify that the disks were added and the correct provisioner was set.

You can also add [storage tags](#storage-tags) if you want Longhorn volume data to be stored on specific nodes or disks. Storage tags can only be used with the **LonghornV1 (CSI)** and **LonghornV2 (CSI)** provisioners.

![disk tag 01](/img/v1.4/host/multidisk-mgmt-06.png)

![disk tag 02](/img/v1.4/host/multidisk-mgmt-07.png)
```
